---
layout: post
title: No-Title
---

It is obvious now that S, J, or D were kept trying to send me malicious PDF files, Youtube links, or something similar. To prove myself that I am right, I wanted to attack them with same method they've done to me but It will take some time. I've been trying to learn many things in short time but let's admit. I am a slow learner. 

There are SO many things to learn! From Port Forwarding, through Metasploit, AWS, SSH, TCP/IP, Wireshark to Zero-day attacks, cp, rm,  mv dir/* ., ls -l, and so on. After all these researches, anyone who says "Hacking someone's device is impossible." deserves death penalty.

Should I do something about it? Like a... revenge thingy?

S is a drug addict, does operate illegal business, and he also makes money from fraudulent practices. D is a gamble addict, has thousands of dept, he begs for sex desperately and he thinks he's smart. J is a tail of these 2. I lived with one, and f**ked with another. I admit, It is also my fault that I got along with those people. The best thing I can do is to keep distance from them, also maybe don't interact with anyone who I've never met in real-life because there are possibilities that someone else committed beside those 3, but I couldn't figure. I'd rather be a loner, than expose myself to a random attacker.

Long way to go! I don't know if I should keep writing about this cyber security matter because I may want to be remained as an anonymous. 
I like Uber-ing while it's raining. I feel so much grounded.
